lab-report-1-week-2.md, before:

# Lab Report 1
## *Remote Access*
### Installing VSCode
> I had previously already worked with VSCode and had it downloaded from [this](https://code.visualstudio.com/) website. After following the instructions to complete the installation, the following screenshot is what VSCode looks like upon launching the application.
![Image](Installing VSCode.png)
### Remotely Connecting
> To remotely connect, I first grabbed my CSE15L account. In the terminal I then entered `ssh` followed by my account. I was then prompted to enter my password for the account (the password will not actively show up as you type it). Upon successfully doing so, the following message is printed out.
![Image](Remotely Connecting.png)
### Trying Some Commands
> I then tried out some commands on both the client and the server as seen in the screenshots below. After experimenting with a couple commands, I assumed that `ls` lists out files and directories, `cd` changes directories, `pwd` lists the current directory you are working in, and so on.
![Image](Command.png)
![Image](Commands.png)
### Moving Files with `scp`
> In the following screenshot I used `scp` to copy over a file called WhereAmI.java to the server. In order to check that it was copied over successfully I used `ssh` to gain access to the server then once in, I used the `ls` command to confirm that WhereAmI.java was copied over.
![Image](scp.png)
### Setting an SSH Key
> To create an SSH Key, for efficiency purposes, I first typed in 'ssh-keygen' then followed the guidance in the terminal on creating a saving the key to my own computer. I then logged onto my account on the server using `ssh` then `mkdir .ssh` to create a new directory. After that, I logged out of the server and used the `scp` command to copy the public key to that new directory. The screenshot below shows me logging into the server without having to type in my password.
![Image](SSH key.png)
### Optimizing Remote Running
> A trick to making running quicker is not only creating an SSH Key, but also learning how to run multiple commands at once. For example, after copying over the WhereAmI.java file to the server, I was able to `ssh` and run WhereAmI.java on the server using one line in the terminal. Adding additional commands in quotes allow me to quickly run WhereAmI.java on the remote server and exit. Alternatively, typing out the commands separately through `ssh cs15lwi22aso@ieng6.ucsd.edu` then `javac WhereAmI.java` then `java WhereAmI`, requires more keystrokes because each we run each command separately to log into the remote server and run the file then exit as well. However, when we when we are able to run multiple commands on one line it saves us time through using less keystrokes.
![Image](Easier Running.png)

Commit message:

added image of longer keystroke

lab-report-1-week-2.md, after:

# Lab Report 1
## *Remote Access*
### Installing VSCode
> I had previously already worked with VSCode and had it downloaded from [this](https://code.visualstudio.com/) website. After following the instructions to complete the installation, the following screenshot is what VSCode looks like upon launching the application.
![Image](Installing VSCode.png)
### Remotely Connecting
> To remotely connect, I first grabbed my CSE15L account. In the terminal I then entered `ssh` followed by my account. I was then prompted to enter my password for the account (the password will not actively show up as you type it). Upon successfully doing so, the following message is printed out.
![Image](Remotely Connecting.png)
### Trying Some Commands
> I then tried out some commands on both the client and the server as seen in the screenshots below. After experimenting with a couple commands, I assumed that `ls` lists out files and directories, `cd` changes directories, `pwd` lists the current directory you are working in, and so on.
![Image](Command.png)
![Image](Commands.png)
### Moving Files with `scp`
> In the following screenshot I used `scp` to copy over a file called WhereAmI.java to the server. In order to check that it was copied over successfully I used `ssh` to gain access to the server then once in, I used the `ls` command to confirm that WhereAmI.java was copied over.
![Image](scp.png)
### Setting an SSH Key
> To create an SSH Key, for efficiency purposes, I first typed in 'ssh-keygen' then followed the guidance in the terminal on creating a saving the key to my own computer. I then logged onto my account on the server using `ssh` then `mkdir .ssh` to create a new directory. After that, I logged out of the server and used the `scp` command to copy the public key to that new directory. The screenshot below shows me logging into the server without having to type in my password.
![Image](SSH key.png)
### Optimizing Remote Running
> A trick to making running quicker is not only creating an SSH Key, but also learning how to run multiple commands at once. For example, after copying over the WhereAmI.java file to the server, I was able to `ssh` and run WhereAmI.java on the server using one line in the terminal. Adding additional commands in quotes allow me to quickly run WhereAmI.java on the remote server and exit. 
![Image](Easier Running.png)
This optimizes remote running as we are able to save keystrokes. For instance, instead of being able to remotely run using one line/one keystroke, we'd have to use multiple keystrokes like so:
![Image](keystrokes.png)
This takes 4 commands/keystrokes as contrasted to 1 as we must log onto the remote server, run the file, and exit.
